README.md, before:

Description
===========
The Sublime Text FileMerge plugin is a modified version of the excellent [WinMerge](https://github.com/SublimeText/WinMerge) plugin.

[FileMerge](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/features/) is a nice GUI file difference engine that is freely available for Mac OS X. This package adds support to Sublime Text 2 and 3 for allowing you to diff the last two active views, even if they are in different Sublime windows.

Package Installation
====================
Install using [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/installation) by searching for "FileMerge".

Alternativly, bring up a command line in the Packages/ folder of your Sublime user folder, and execute the following:
> git clone git://github.com/thtliife/FileMerge.git

When you launch Sublime Text, it will pick up the contents of this package so that you can consume the goodness that it provides.

Features
========
* The default key bindings file included diffs the last 2 active views upon 'Ctrl+Option+d' (also accessible via Menu and Command Palette)

Commit message:

Modify fork to work with command line tools for BeyondCompare on Mac

README.md, after:

Description
===========
The Sublime Text BeyondCompare plugin is a modified version of the excellent [WinMerge/FileMerge](https://github.com/SublimeText/WinMerge) plugin.

[BeyondCompare](http://www.scootersoftware.com/) is a nice GUI file difference engine that is cross platform, with support for both Windows and OSX. This package adds support to Sublime Text 2 and 3 for allowing you to diff the last two active views, even if they are in different Sublime windows.

Package Installation
====================
Install using [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/installation) by searching for "BeyondCompare".

Alternativly, bring up a command line in the Packages/ folder of your Sublime user folder, and execute the following:
> git clone git://github.com/thtliife/BeyondCompare.git

When you launch Sublime Text, it will pick up the contents of this package so that you can consume the goodness that it provides.

Features
========
* The default key bindings file included diffs the last 2 active views upon 'Ctrl+Option+d' (also accessible via Menu and Command Palette)
